{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Readme.txt for Atwood, Hille, et al. Code Repository\
\
This repository consists of two Jupyter notebooks (one for isotope, rainfall and hydraulic conductivity data and one for ET data) and the datasets required to run the code in those notebooks. These notebooks requires Python 3.10 and the following packages to run: Pandas, NumPy, rasterio, rasterstats, os, geopandas. \
\
To use these files, download both the notebooks and dataset folders and replace /path/to/data with local data path. Outputs are all data used in plots in the manuscript. For code for plotting data, please reach out to corresponding author. The runtime should be negligible on most machines. To use own data, datafiles will need to be constructed similarly to the CSV files in the example folder. \
\
Jupyter notebooks:\
AtwoodHille_ET_data.ipynb: Ecostress evapotranspiration data\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 AtwoodHille_isotope_rainfall_Kfs_data.ipynb: isotope, rainfall and hydraulic conductivity data \
\
Datasets:\
AtwoodHille_Kfs_results.csv: Hydraulic conductivity\
AtwoodHille_SanGabes_Fnew_isotopes.csv: New water fraction data\
AtwoodHille_SanGabes_WaterIsotopeData.csv: streamflow and rainfall water isotope data\
Bobat_Fire_Rain_Gauge_Dec2020_May2022.csv: rainfall amount from rain gauge data\
catchment_polygons_3857.shp: Shapefile of catchments in EPSG 3857\
ecostress_rasters_example: subset of Ecostress (Fisher et al., 2020) rasters used in datasets\
}